(1 of 2) rerun path subtyping due to LGAT subtyping changes (#934)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis: analyses/molecular-subtyping-pathology/01-compile-subtyping-results.Rmd

                    broad_histology,
                    Notes),
             by = "Kids_First_Biospecimen_ID") %>%
  mutate(integrated_diagnosis = case_when(grepl("LGG", molecular_subtype) ~ paste0("Low-grade glioma/astrocytoma, ", molecular_subtype),
                                          TRUE~ NA_character_),
         #remove "LGG, To be classified" from integrated dx
         integrated_diagnosis = ifelse(molecular_subtype == "LGG, To be classified", NA_character_, integrated_diagnosis),
         #delete LGG string from integrated dx

>          integrated_diagnosis = case_when(grepl("LGG", integrated_diagnosis) ~ str_replace(integrated_diagnosis, "LGG, ", "")),

Author: There is probably a better, more clever way to do this when pasting above in line 230, but just wasn't sure how! Open to suggestions.

>   mutate(integrated_diagnosis = case_when(grepl("LGG", molecular_subtype) ~ paste0("Low-grade glioma/astrocytoma, ", molecular_subtype),
>                                           TRUE~ NA_character_),
>          #remove "LGG, To be classified" from integrated dx
>          integrated_diagnosis = ifelse(molecular_subtype == "LGG, To be classified", NA_character_, integrated_diagnosis),
>          #delete LGG string from integrated dx
>          integrated_diagnosis = case_when(grepl("LGG", integrated_diagnosis) ~ str_replace(integrated_diagnosis, "LGG, ", "")),
>          broad_histology = "Low-grade astrocytic tumor",
>          short_histology = if_else(pathology_diagnosis == "Ganglioglioma", "Ganglioglioma", "LGAT"),
>          Notes = if_else(!is.na(integrated_diagnosis), "Updated via OpenPBTA subtyping", Notes))

Reviewer: You can use `case_when()` to set `integrated_diagnosis` to `NA` when `molecular_subtype` is `LGG, To be classified` and then use `str_replate()` for all other cases:

```suggestion
mutate(integrated_diagnosis = case_when(
            str_detect(molecular_subtype, "To be classified") ~ NA_character_,
            TRUE ~ str_replace(molecular_subtype, "LGG, ", "Low-grade glioma/astrocytoma, ")
          ),
         broad_histology = "Low-grade astrocytic tumor",
         short_histology = if_else(pathology_diagnosis == "Ganglioglioma", "Ganglioglioma", "LGAT"),
         Notes = if_else(!is.na(integrated_diagnosis), "Updated via OpenPBTA subtyping", Notes)
  )
```

Author: thanks, updated and works - you're a whiz :) !
